16994 update viewport bot docs (#19778)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/testing/end-to-end/automatic-cypress-viewport-updater.md

Secrets for for the Google API Service Account and the GitHub App are stored in credstash. The Google Analytics settings are available in the `google_analytics_cvu` object in `config/settings.yml` and the GitHub settings are available in the `github_cvu` object in `config/settings.yml`. The settings are available in the `dev`, `staging`, `prod`, and `sandbox` environments.

> All sensitive Google API and GitHub settings that VCR normally records in each cassette `yml` file has been filtered out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All sensitive Google API and GitHub settings that VCR normally records in each cassette `yml` file have been filtered out.
```

Author: Thanks Peter! Fixed!

## VCR Cassettes Was Manually Updated
The following failure was happening in Jenkins:
```
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z] Failures:
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z] 
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z]   1) EVSS::DisabilityCompensationForm::SubmitForm0781.perform_async with a successful submission job submits successfully
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z]      Failure/Error: if (match = interaction.request.body.match(/^grant_type.+/))
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z] 
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z]      ArgumentError:
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z]        invalid byte sequence in UTF-8
[2021-02-09T22:12:49.377Z]      # ./spec/jobs/cypress_viewport_updater/google_analytics_reports_spec.rb:20:in `match'
```

> The spec `spec/jobs/cypress_viewport_updater/google_analytics_reports_spec.rb` was causing another test to file, while the spec itself was passing. A most unusual interaction was occuring between spec files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spec `spec/jobs/cypress_viewport_updater/google_analytics_reports_spec.rb` was causing another test to fail, while the spec itself was passing. A most unusual interaction was occurring between spec files.
```

Author: Thanks Peter! Fixed!
